dick from the front basic grip scan
attack the ball have the stick low to
the ground let the stick give a little
and contact contact just outside the
right foot angle the stick to control
the ball scan open stick from the left
on the move basic grip scan
get the stick down early let the ball
come across the body and receive outside
the line of the right foot
angle the stick to control the ball scan
open stick from the right basic grip
scan
stick down early to receive the ball
turn the body towards the ball receive
behind the right foot receive the ball
in stride scan open stick from behind
inflow basic grip scan
allow the ball to come past the body
angled a stick to control the ball scan
[Music]
open stick from behind with a pool left
to right basic grip allow the ball to
can pass the feet use OneTouch to move
the ball across the body to outside the
right foot scanned open stick aerial
ball basic grip scan keep the arms away
from the body stick is in front of the
body pointing to the right
take the ball early control the ball
with the shaft of the stick do not let
it bounce move off at an angle with
first touch scan open stick bouncing
ball basic grip scan stick upright
attack the ball receive the ball on the
shaft angle the stick forward for
control scan reverse stick from the
front basic grip scan turn to get side
on receive just behind the left foot
angled stick to control the ball scan
get the ball to the open side early
reverse stick from the right basic grip
scan
let the ball run across the body to
receive outside the left foot angled
stick to control the ball scan and get
the ball back to the open side early
reverse stick from behind inflow basic
grip scan let the ball run past the body
receive with a stick angle to control
the bounce scanned reverse stick from
behind with a pool right to left basic
grip scan let the ball come past the
body use OneTouch to move the ball
across the body scan get the ball back
quickly to open stick reverse stick flat
two-handed basic grip scan stick flat on
the ground to the left of the body stick
angled forward to allow transfer to open
stick receive on the shaft scan reverse
stick flat one-handed left hand grip
left hand at the top of the stick scan
receive on the shaft near the left hand
first touch to deflect to the open stick
side scan
[Music]
[Applause]